[amqp-common] Add ability to create a new Connection on existing  ConnectionContextBase (#8444)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/amqp-common/changelog.md

### 2020-04-01 1.0.0-preview.13

> - Adds capability for a `ConnectionContextBase` object to create a new rhea-promise `Connection` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new method `refreshConnection()` on the `ConnectionContextBase` to replace the `connection` property on it with a new rhea-promise `Connection` object.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!
